README.md, before:

# clam-fracturer
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35e545d8-9932-4f91-b8ae-1a67dd3c4cdb" height="155"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/Kseen715/imgs/blob/main/sakura_kharune.png?raw=true" height="160"/>
</p>

## Description

> **Disclaimer:** This project is only for personal learning and communication, please do not use it for illegal purposes, please do not use it in a production environment

`Availability > performance`

We include all known proxies of listed sites to raise chance of correct routing.

## Included IPs
<div id="auto-sort-start"/>

- chatgpt.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- facebook.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- instagram.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- meta - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- microsoft - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/ip-addresses-of/microsoft-corp)
- netflix - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- nhentai.net - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/domain-to-ips/nhentai.net)
- raw.githubusercontent.com - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/)
- rutracker.org - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/)
- x.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- xhamster.com - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/)
- xvideos.com - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/)
- youtube.com - from [[x]](https://github.com/touhidurrr/iplist-youtube?tab=readme-ov-file) [[x]](https://www.gstatic.com/ipranges/goog.json) [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
<div id="auto-sort-end"/>

Not used DBs, but ready to deploy:
<div id="auto-sort-start"/>

- discord.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
<div id="auto-sort-end"/>

## Included Services
<div id="auto-sort-start"/>

- [AmneziaVPN](https://github.com/Kseen715/clam-fracturer/blob/main/out/amnezia_vpn.json)
- [OpenVPN](https://github.com/Kseen715/clam-fracturer/blob/main/out/openvpn_route.ovpn) - assisted manual config, just copy-paste routes to your own ovpn config, after line `client`
- [Wireguard](https://github.com/Kseen715/clam-fracturer/blob/main/out/wireguard_incomplete.conf) - assisted manual config, just copy-paste AllowedIPs to your own WG config
- [route_add.bat](https://github.com/Kseen715/clam-fracturer/blob/main/out/route_add.bat) - for Keenetic
<div id="auto-sort-end"/>

Commit message:

Update README.md with raw.githubusercontent.com IP address and note about loading images in repos.

README.md, after:

# clam-fracturer
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35e545d8-9932-4f91-b8ae-1a67dd3c4cdb" height="155"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/Kseen715/imgs/blob/main/sakura_kharune.png?raw=true" height="160"/>
</p>

## Description

> **Disclaimer:** This project is only for personal learning and communication, please do not use it for illegal purposes, please do not use it in a production environment

`Availability > performance`

We include all known proxies of listed sites to raise chance of correct routing.

## Included IPs
<div id="auto-sort-start"/>

- chatgpt.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- facebook.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- instagram.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- meta - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- microsoft - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/ip-addresses-of/microsoft-corp)
- netflix - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- nhentai.net - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/domain-to-ips/nhentai.net)
- raw.githubusercontent.com - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/). Sometimes images in repos can't be loaded without this IPs in hosts.
- rutracker.org - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/)
- x.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
- xhamster.com - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/)
- xvideos.com - from [[x]](https://networksdb.io/)
- youtube.com - from [[x]](https://github.com/touhidurrr/iplist-youtube?tab=readme-ov-file) [[x]](https://www.gstatic.com/ipranges/goog.json) [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
<div id="auto-sort-end"/>

Not used DBs, but ready to deploy:
<div id="auto-sort-start"/>

- discord.com - from [[x]](https://rockblack.su/vpn/dopolnitelno/diapazon-ip-adresov)
<div id="auto-sort-end"/>

## Included Services
<div id="auto-sort-start"/>

- [AmneziaVPN](https://github.com/Kseen715/clam-fracturer/blob/main/out/amnezia_vpn.json)
- [OpenVPN](https://github.com/Kseen715/clam-fracturer/blob/main/out/openvpn_route.ovpn) - assisted manual config, just copy-paste routes to your own ovpn config, after line `client`
- [Wireguard](https://github.com/Kseen715/clam-fracturer/blob/main/out/wireguard_incomplete.conf) - assisted manual config, just copy-paste AllowedIPs to your own WG config
- [route_add.bat](https://github.com/Kseen715/clam-fracturer/blob/main/out/route_add.bat) - for Keenetic
<div id="auto-sort-end"/>
